TODO:
Optional - Better task-management - Look at 'Trello' (TitanPad...)
Optional - Create GitHub/bitBucket because reason
Open/create the gamemode on Steam Workshop
Pull in some simple plugins/features from DarkRP/HL2RP
Start diving into Lua programming.
Learn how to netcode :(
Required - Slowly die from boredom and University workload, preventing you from doing any kind of free time project. 
Implement fun

CATAGORIES OF INDIVIDUALS

  GUBERNENT!
    Administrator (Mayor) - 1 Position
    Overseer              - 1 Position
    Combine Officer       - 1 Position
    Civil Protection      - 4 Positions
    Medical Personnel     - 1-2 Positions

  ANTI-GUBERNENT!
    Rebels                   - 5? Positions
    Black Market Contractor? - 1-2 Positions
    
  Civilian (Neutral)
    Merchant - 3-4 Positions
    Chef/Cook/Foodsomething  - 1-2 Positions
    Citizen - Resterende Positions


ITEMS:
  Guns
    Low-tech avalibel through black market (SKS, Mosin, AK etc basic slav shit)
    High-tech available to Combine (AR2, hightech stuff modified from HL2)
    Low-tech < High-tech damage, recoil, range, rpm etc
    
  Melee weapons
    Short ranged and long range
    
  Medicine
    Low-tech available for hand-purchase (bandages)
    Cognitive boosters (increased accuracy for a limited time)
    
  Currency
    Coupons act as a form of currency
    ??? Rations, which contain Coupons, are free but are only distributed once a day within a certain timeframe 
    If you dont show you wont get any food
    Coupons distributed through rations at a designated location
    Civilian given low quality rations (a slight upgrade from junk food)
    Cumboones given higher quality rations (possibly containing benefits)

  Outfits
    Uniforms (workers, combine etc.)
    Formel clothing and "poor mans" clothing

  Food and Drinks
    Apart from rations (grey goo) there is a variety of rare foods and drinks, expired long ago, but still sold for high prices.

  General equipment
    Flashlights
    Backpacks (decrease weight of items)

  Tech/Science stuff?
    Radios (radios needed to communicate through voicechat over distances (or chat))
    Gasmasks

  Keys that indicate ownership and allows for opening specific doors
    Possibly ID cards to prove citizenship (could be combined with keys) 


GAME-MECHANIC

  Damage System
    Damage multipliers for diffrent body parts
    Shot in the head is a kill
    Shot in the arms give a chance of dropping weapon
    Shot in the legs will temporarily criple
    Bleeding (muh bandages)
    Rip outfit apart for bandages

  Loyalty system (think of some cool names)
    Citizens will gain some kind of point for when an Officer decide that a Citizen has sufficiently helped him or something along the lines of that
    After gaining X amount of points a Citizen will recieve incrementally better rations depending on how many points he has. For example:
    0 - Citizen recieves a low quality ration
    5 - Citizen recieves a medium quality ration along with a small increase of coupons
    10 - Citizen recieves a ration on par with that of Police Department
    Maybe some other stuff

  Disloyalty System
    Same as the Loyalty Sytem but flipped
    Everytime an individual does something of illegal nature he is given a point
    A Citizen with more than 3 (maybe more - harsh punishment please this isnt happy go fun time combines) points is automaticly marked as an enemy of the state and is to be terminated ASAP
    This system runs along side of the Loyalty system, meaning a Citizen with 6 loyalty points can still be terminated if he recieve enough disloyalty points

  Weather 
    Affects body temperature. Inlcuded but not limited to:
    Rain, snow, sunny, cloudy, windy
    How to not die of that? Be inside/fires/clothing/running/

  Day/Night Cycle
    Seasons (e.g. snows more in different periods)

  Weight of items, affects stamina. (i.e full inventory of rocks will slow you down)

  Hunger (Need to eat once or twice everyday day)
    Low/high energy, long/short term
    Junkfood lowers stamina and max health for a period of time

  Stamina
    Certian food heightens it for a time
    Energy drinks give a temprary boost, but gives a small debuff for X amount of time before it wears off

  HUD

    Shitty stupid retarded name system so you have to possibly break your fucking fingers pressing a retarded fuckin idiot button every time you want incompetent retards to know your stupid fuckin name
    
    Players have the option to add a description of their character

  No health bar - Health indicated by saturation

  No ammo count on your weapon - Keep track of that shit

  Small OOC menu/MOTD

  Hunger/Stamina Indicated by sounds

  Combine
    Have actual health indication due to visor
    Scanlines making it slightly harder to view things at a distance
    Black shadows around the corners of the screen
    Crackle when using mic
    Heavy footsteps when running due to equipment (for maximum OH SHIT ITS THE FUZZ moments)
    Indicator of the current loyalty of a person is shown if close enough

  Menu for current stats of hunger etc.

  Character Creation

  Trait system
    A benefit with a drawback. Examples:
    Fast Runner - Runs faster than normal, but cannot run for long
    Steady Shot - Better accuracy but slower fire rate
    Wild Fire - Higher fire rate but lower accuracy
    Vitality - Higher maxhealth, but lower stamina
    Endurance - More stamina, but less maxhealth

  Persistence
    Items stay where they are dropped for 24 hours
    Lootable Bodies!
    Inventory is saved - Even guns equipped
    Position where you log out is saved
    ??? current job saved as well - depends of how realistic we are going. This also brings up stuff as whitelist for jobs etc

    Voice chat in vicinity, muffled through doors, blocked by walls



